## Why I Shouldn't Have Tried Learning React Before I Finished _ES6 for Everyone_
React scares me. I've heard lots of people share this feeling, but generally in the context of high-minded ideals about an open and accessible web. In my case, it's a lot simpler: I don't know React, and the longer that's the case, the less employable I'll be as a front-end developer. A few years ago, I thought I would remedy that situation by taking Joe Maddalone's course "Start Learning React," and felt like I was in over my head -- there wasn't a _ton_ of new syntax, but enough to distract me and prevent me from feeling like I was getting a good handle on the material. Later I took Kent C. Dodds's course "The Beginner's Guide to ReactJS." The lessons were short, I learned a lot of new things, but the whole time I felt like I was missing some groundwork and that a lot of what I was learning was disconnected. I think the important thing for me to take from that experience was that in order for me to feel like I'm mastering a new subject, I need to have the right balance of:
* Exposure to totally unfamiliar things
* Practice of freshly learned things
* Context with well known things

> As an aside, I'm a big fan of Kent C. Dodds and love his articles. I don't know much about Joe Maddalone -- he doesn't pop up on my Twitter feed the same way Dodds does -- but I'm sure a lot of people have taken a lot from his course. I like to remind people that not everything is for everyone and that's a big part of why life's interesting. It doesn't mean that anything is "bad," but it's stupid to pretend everyone has the same tastes. I'd even bet if I were coming from a different context, both of those courses would be out-of-the-park home runs. Part of what makes learning interesting for me is the journey of learning how _I_ learn.

A firm understanding of ES6 is _table stakes_ for learning React. Pedants and contrarians could totally rightly refute that by saying React is just a library -- it doesn't have anything to do with ES6. Your browser doesn't need to support ES6 to interpret the React codebase, and you certainly don't need to take advantage of ES6 when writing with React. And there's probably tutorials or courses or whatever for React that skirt all the ES6 entirely. But in practical application, if you're trying to learn React, you're going to have a hard time doing it while avoiding ES6. Most React examples and tutorials I've seen use `class`, arrow functions, `const` and `let`, and plenty of other ES6 features that are taken for granted more and more. I bet there's lots of people who can take all those little bits and pieces in stride, stopping to read up on each new thing as they encounter it -- or "learn by doing" and fake it until they get comfortable enough with whatever new thing it is by picking up context clues from examples and trying different things during exercises.

A lesson I learned during my half-baked attempts at learning React in the past is: if I'm seeing the cool new stuff I'm trying to learn at the same time as new stuff I should already know, I'm going to get distracted. I'm going to spend time reading up on what I'm interpreting as a prerequisite, I'm going to feel bad that I had to go back to basics, I'm going to take more time than I expected to complete each module where that happens, and more likely than not I'm going to start avoiding all that mess by ignoring the stuff I don't understand and hope I can learn the material anyway. And in the end, I won't master the subject. I won't learn what I wanted to learn.

The "ES6 for Everyone" course was a totally different experience for me. I came from the context of a JS developer trapped in 2014, with a few bits and pieces of ES2015 thrown in from what I'd been exposed to from coworkers and odd side projects. Just a few days before starting the course, I'd completed Wes Bos's free "JavaScript 30" course, where he walks through building 30 different JS projects _mostly_ using pre-ES6 techniques with a few non-intimidating exceptions like `let` and `const` in contexts where Wes could just as easily have used `var`.

Coming from JavaScript 30, I was used to having a daily challenge, so I figured I'd approach this course the same way: one module per day. But not all modules were created equal. Some days I'd spend a couple hours on a module, other days I'd spend 20 minutes and be done. At the end of each lesson, I would come away with a feeling that while I might not have learned a practical application for the new thing, I had been exposed to one new thing and it was the thing I planned on learning. I never finished with the feeling that I had been faking it or avoiding anything I should feel bad for not knowing. I made a new "NOTES.md" file in each module directory in order to record what I learned from each module -- and reference later in case I need to jog my memory on what a WeakSet is.

I was able to keep a steady rhythm and finished with a more complete understanding of and confidence with ES6. At no point along the way did I feel ashamed that I didn't know something. There were several points where I could clearly tell that I didn't really understand the new topic well enough to know _how_ it could be used effectively or _when_ it would be the best tool for a given job, but it made me interested to see more examples of ES6 in the wild. I know now that if I take one of those React courses again, I might get lucky and see some practical use cases for those things. I might get some real hands-on experience to put a nail in the coffin of generators (or classes or destructuring or object spread or whatever.)

If I had taken this course before trying to get caught up with React, I wouldn't have had those shame-inducing moments where an instructor uses `super()` in a class and I just have to ignore it and pretend like that's not important to understand the lesson. Trying to learn something and feeling embarrassed for not knowing things the material assumes you already know is a _terrible_ feeling! And I certainly don't want to have any bad feelings associated with learning something I'm already afraid of. By taking a step back to learn a topic where I had already met the undefined prerequisites for the course, I was able to approach the material from a place of confidence and belonging, and I was able to finish with a sense of pride. I hope more people can get more of that feeling and less of the other one.