## ES6 Tooling
### Tool-Free Modules with SystemJS (+bonus BrowserSync setup)
SystemJS is an alternative to Webpack that runs right in your browser instead of making you do all the setup mumbo-jumbo involved with Webpack.
It's also not available in the project repo anymore, apparently replaced with Parcel. ??
And when I went into the parcel-finished directory to see if I could just figure it out and see what it was he did in his demo, installing the dependencies didn't work -- I had to rename the name in package.json because it was "parcel" which was conflicting with the _actual_ parcel package hosted on npm. I was able to run `npm run dev` to get my server up and running and see things working... but without the walkthrough, this one was not as useful as it could've been.

### All About Babel + npm scripts
Babel is a transpiler, converting ES6 to ES5. This feature is not as relevant today as it once was, but transpiling other less-supported more exotic ECMAScript variants into more supported code seems like it'd be pretty great.
When getting started with Babel, you should keep in mind the concept of presets vs plugins. Assuming Babel is up-to-date with latest standards, all those latest standards can be supported using plugins. Different features are supported by different plugins. When you have a bunch of plugins together, those are supported by preset. Fortunately, now most browsers support a ton of ES6 features, so instead of having to compile _everything_ down to ES5, you can use `babel-preset-env` to describe the browsers you want to support and Babel will determine what it'll need to transpile in order to support those browsers. For example, can tell it that you want to support the last two versions of all browsers and it'll do all the annoying work of determining what's supported and not. This can be managed using a `.babelrc` file or right in the package.json directly.
In trying to follow along with the script, I ran into some trouble because there's a separation between what Wes is doing and how it seems like things should be done today. I think in a real-world example I would probably take a step back and just change my approach -- or more accurately, I wouldn't be trying to make a plugin from years ago work with what's available today. The plugin specifically for the feature Wes is using has been changed, along with the version of Babel itself. If I were implementing experimental features, I would start differently and end differently.
To get things working, I took a big step back and deleted `node_modules/`, deleted the dependencies from my `package.json`, and walked through the commands listed on the Babel website to support the spread operator in objects. I had things working in about five minutes. I had been hammering on a half-broken setup for about 10 minutes before switching gears.
In conclusion, Babel is super useful and not just for ES6 but for ES7 and beyond. Cool way to support experimental features, although obviously involves taking on some process overhead.

### Polyfilling ES6 for Older Browsers
Babel doesn't necessarily solve all your problems! There's some methods we use in ES6 that aren't supported in ES5 and Babel doesn't change those. Babel corrects for newer syntax, it doesn't fill in missing functions. To fill in a feature, we need to use something called a "polyfill." MDN will include polyfills in their documentation, so copying that will totally work. Babel also has a polyfill plugin that does that for you if you can import it as a module... but that will carry some overhead. Or you could use something called polyfill.io where you call a script from their server, and they'll deliver the polyfills their browser needs based on the request info. Each browser will get a custom one just for itself, only getting what it needs to get up-to-date with what's current. I'm unclear on how they decide what's current, but that's fine. However, if you want to just pick and choose what YOU want to polyfill or not, you can do that also.